W-12660556-multiple-instances-rtf-kt (#973)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/installing-multiple-instances.adoc

= Installing Multiple Instances of Runtime Fabric on a Single Cluster

> Installing multiple instances of Runtime Fabric enable you to share the same cluster among multiple Runtime Fabrics. This helps you to use resources efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing multiple instances of Runtime Fabric enables you to share the same cluster among multiple Runtime Fabrics. This helps you to use resources efficiently.
```

Reviewer: Avoid using "this" as the subject.
https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#MuleSoftCXWritingStyleReference-%22it,%22%22this,%22%22these%22

Reviewer: First instance, so use Anypoint Runtime Fabric?

[NOTE]

> You must upgrade to the minimum version of agent to support multiple instances to be able to avail this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this feature, you must upgrade to the minimum version of the agent that supports multiple instances.
```

Reviewer: What does "the minimum version" mean?

Link to where this is covered?

> You must upgrade to the minimum version of agent to support multiple instances to be able to avail this feature.

Reviewer 2: instead of "to be able to avail" you could just say "to use"

== Install Multiple Instances of Runtime Fabric

> To install multiple instances of Anypoint Runtime Fabric on a single BYOK (Bring Your Own Kubernetes) cluster, follow the next steps:

Reviewer: Move the Anypoint to first instance in the page.

> To install multiple instances of Anypoint Runtime Fabric on a single BYOK (Bring Your Own Kubernetes) cluster, follow the next steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install multiple instances of Anypoint Runtime Fabric on a single BYOK (Bring Your Own Kubernetes) cluster, follow these steps:
```

> . Create a Runtime Fabric using Runtime Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a Runtime Fabric instance using Runtime Manager.
```

Reviewer: Add link to details?

> . Create a custom namespace to install the Runtime Fabric by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a custom namespace to install the Runtime Fabric instance by running the following command:
```

Reviewer: Suggest removing "by running the following command" since you don't on line 19.

+ 
----
kubectl create ns <rtf_namespace>
----

> [start=3]

Reviewer: Just a q: what does this do?

. Create a Docker pull secret to pull the Runtime Fabric component images for the previously created namespace: 
+
----
kubectl create secret docker-registry <rtf_pull_secret> --namespace <rtf_namespace> --docker-server=<docker_registry_url> --docker-username=<docker_registry_username> --docker-password=<docker_ registry_password>
----
[start=4]

> . Add the Runtime Fabric Helm Repository: 

Reviewer: Is Helm Repository a proper noun? If not, lowercase.

+
----
helm repo add <name> <helm_repo_url> --username <your_username> --password <your_password>
----
[start=5]

> . Optionally, configure the shared tenancy. Refer to the <<configure-namespaces,Configure Authorized Namespaces>> section for details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optionally, configure the shared tenancy. Refer to <<configure-namespaces,Configure Authorized Namespaces>> for details. 
```

> . Download and configure the values.yaml file from the Anypoint Platform UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Download and configure the `values.yaml` file from the Anypoint Platform UI.
```

Reviewer: Specifically, where would you download that?

Reviewer: filenames are mono font: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#MuleSoftCXWritingStyleReference-monospacefont

Reviewer: Is it values.yml? or values.yaml?

> . Set the <<required-parameters,required parameters>> for the values.yaml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the <<required-parameters,required parameters>> for the `values.yaml` file.
```

> . Install Runtime Fabric on the cluster by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install Runtime Fabric on the cluster:
```

+
----
helm install runtime-fabric rtf/rtf-agent --version <VERSION_FROM_UI> -f values.yaml -n <rtf_namespace>
----

== Values.yaml File Required Parameters

> The values for these required parameters are set when you create the Runtime Fabric in Runtime Manager. If you’re not using a local registry, use the default values for the registry URL and pull secret. 

Reviewer: I think these all should be "Runtime Fabric **instance**"?

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Key | Value | Example
| `activationData` | Activation Data | YW55cG9pbnQubXVsZXNvZnQuY29tOjBmODdmYzYzLTM3MWUtNDU2Yy1iODg5LTU5NTkyNjYyZjUxZQ==
| `rtfRegistry` | Registry URL  | US rtf-runtime-registry.kprod.msap.io

EU
rtf-runtime-registry.kprod-eu.msap.io
| `pullSecretName` | Registry pull secret | rtf-pull-secret

> | `muleLicense` | Mule license for applications | Mule license key. Must be Base64 encoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `muleLicense` | Mule license for applications | Mule license key (must be Base64-encoded)
```

Reviewer: (To remove punctuation and make consistent with other cells.)

|===

[[required-parameters]]
== Values.yaml Optional Parameters
Set the following optional parameters as needed: 

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===

> | Key | Value | Example

Reviewer: Should Value be Description in this table?

| `authorizedNamespaces` | Enables shared tenancy | authorizedNamespaces=true

> | `crds.install` | Enables installation of Crds and PriorityClass.  | install=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `crds.install` | Enables installation of Crds and PriorityClass  | install=true
```

> | `crds.keep` | Enables Kubernetes to retain Crds and Priority Class on uninstall. | keep=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `crds.keep` | Enables Kubernetes to retain Crds and Priority Class on uninstall | keep=true
```

| `roxy.http.proxy` +
`proxy.http.no_proxy`
` | Proxy and no_proxy values | - +http://<user>:<pass>@<10.0.0.1>:<8080>+ +
- <1.1.1.1:8888,2.2.2.2:9999>
|`proxy.monitoring.proxy` |Monitoring proxy values | socks5://<user>:<pass>@<10.0.0.2>:<8080>

> |`global.containerLogPaths` | The Filebeat read path | - /var/lib/docker/ +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`global.containerLogPaths` | Filebeat read path | - /var/lib/docker/ +
```

Reviewer: Make sure all Values are parallel (description, punctuation)

 - /var/log/containers +
 - /var/log/pods
|===

[NOTE]

> Set the value for `crds.install` and `crds.keep` to `true`, for the first agent being installed on the cluster. +

Reviewer: Suggest flipping these.
For the first...., set...

> Set the value for `crds.install` and `crds.keep` to `true`, for the first agent being installed on the cluster. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the value for `crds.install` and `crds.keep` to `true` for the first agent installed on the cluster. +
```

Set `crds.install` to `false` for all the subsequent agent installations on the same cluster.

== Values.yaml Reference

> The following is an example of the `values.yml` file:

Reviewer: Here the extension is .yml not .yaml.

----
activationData: <activation data>
  proxy:
    http_proxy:
    http_no_proxy:
    monitoring_proxy:
custom_log4j_enabled: true
muleLicense: <mule license key>
global:
  crds:
    install: true
    keep: true
  authorizedNamespaces: false
  image:
    rtfRegistry: rtf-runtime-registry.kprod.msap.io
    pullSecretName: rtf-pull-secret
  containerLogPaths:
  - /var/lib/docker/containers
  - /var/log/containers
  - /var/log/pods
----

== Deploy Mule Applications

> . To deploying Mule applications, create an app-namespace for each of the agent installed: 

Reviewer 2: To deploy

> . To deploying Mule applications, create an app-namespace for each of the agent installed: 

Reviewer: Should app-namespace be mono font?

> . To deploying Mule applications, create an app-namespace for each of the agent installed: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To deploying Mule applications, create an app-namespace for each installed agent: 
```

+
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: <app-namespace>
  labels:
    rtf.mulesoft.com/agentNamespace: <rtf_namespace>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/envId: <ENVIRONMENT-ID>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/org: <ORG-ID>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/role: workers
----
[start=2]

> . Create Ingress in new rtf-namespace: +

Reviewer: Should Ingress be lowercase? Do you need a "the" before Ingress? Any font changes here?

----
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: rtf-ingress
  namespace: <rtf_namespace>
  annotations:
    nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/ssl-redirect: "false"
    nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /$2
spec:
  ingressClassName: rtf-nginx
  rules:
    - host: "testrtf.com"
      http:
        paths:
          - pathType: Prefix
            path: "/app-name(/|$)(.*)"
            backend:
              service:    
                name: service
                port:
                  name: service-port
----

> Use a different host name per `rtf_namespace`. If multiple ingresses define different paths for the same host, the ingress controller merges the definitions.  As a result, Mule applications with the same name are not accessible.  This is a k8s issue, not a Runtime Fabric issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a different host name per `rtf_namespace`. If multiple ingresses define different paths for the same host, the ingress controller merges the definitions. As a result, Mule applications with the same name are not accessible. This issue is due to k8s, not a Runtime Fabric issue.
```

> Use a different host name per `rtf_namespace`. If multiple ingresses define different paths for the same host, the ingress controller merges the definitions.  As a result, Mule applications with the same name are not accessible.  This is a k8s issue, not a Runtime Fabric issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a different host name per `rtf_namespace`. If multiple ingresses define different paths for the same host, the ingress controller merges the definitions. As a result, Mule applications with the same name are not accessible. This is a k8s issue, not a Runtime Fabric issue.
```

Reviewer: Avoid "This" as the subject.
Should k8s be K8s?

[[configure-namespaces]]
== (Optional) Configure Authorized Namespaces
You can optionally configure authorized namespaces, which enables you to deploy Runtime Fabric alongside other services in a Kubernetes cluster.

> You must create the authorized-namespaces ConfigMap file before installing Runtime Fabric for the Runtime Fabric namespace. Additionally, you must name the ConfigMap, authorized-namespaces. The following example shows a ConfigMap file:

Reviewer: Any font changes here?

----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: authorized-namespaces
  namespace: <rtf_namespace>
data:
  ADDITIONAL_NAMESPACE_1: "additional-namespace1"
  ADDITIONAL_NAMESPACE_2: "additional-namespace2"
----

The `rtf:resource-metrics-collector` ClusterRole has cluster-wide permissions to `get` and `list nodes`, pods, and namespaces and has `watch` permissions for nodes. The role ClusterRole is defined as follows:
The following example shows a ClusterRole role:
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: rtf:resource-metrics-collector
  labels:
    {{- include "labels.standard" . | nindent 4 }}
rules:
  - apiGroups: [""]
    resources: ["nodes", "pods", "namespaces"]
    verbs: ["list", "get"]
  - apiGroups: [""]
    resources: ["nodes"]
    verbs: ["watch"]
----
=== Configure Additional Namespaces

> To configure an additional namespace for application deployments and then add the necessary labels to the namespace, follow the next steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure an additional namespace for application deployments and then add the necessary labels to the namespace, follow these steps:
```

. Create a YAML file with the following contents:
+
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: <app-namespace>
  labels:
    rtf.mulesoft.com/agentNamespace: <rtf_namespace>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/envId: <ENVIRONMENT-ID>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/org: <ORG-ID>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/role: workers
----
[start=2]

> . Apply the previously file created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Apply the previously created file:
```

+
----
kubectl apply -f <filename>.yaml
----
[start=3]
. Repeat Steps 1 and 2 to add as many namespaces as you need.

> . Create the RoleBinding for the Runtime Fabric agent ClusterRole that includes the Runtime Fabric agent ServiceAccount by applying the following configuration in your additional namespace:

Reviewer: Font changes for those CamelCase items?

|`proxy.monitoring.proxy` |Monitoring proxy values | socks5://<user>:<pass>@<10.0.0.2>:<8080>
|`global.containerLogPaths` | Filebeat read path | - /var/lib/docker/ +
 - /var/log/containers +
 - /var/log/pods
|===

[NOTE]
For the first agent being installed on the cluster, set the value for `crds.install` and `crds.keep` to `true`. +
Set `crds.install` to `false` for all the subsequent agent installations on the same cluster.

== Values.yaml Reference
The following is an example of the `values.yaml` file:

----
activationData: <activation data>
  proxy:
    http_proxy:
    http_no_proxy:
    monitoring_proxy:
custom_log4j_enabled: true
muleLicense: <mule license key>
global:
  crds:
    install: true
  authorizedNamespaces: false
  image:
    rtfRegistry: rtf-runtime-registry.kprod.msap.io
    pullSecretName: rtf-pull-secret
  containerLogPaths:
  - /var/lib/docker/containers
  - /var/log/containers
  - /var/log/pods
----

== Deploy Mule Applications

. To deploy Mule applications, create an `app-namespace` for each of installed agent: 
+
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: <app-namespace>
  labels:
    rtf.mulesoft.com/agentNamespace: <rtf_namespace>

>     rtf.mulesoft.com/envId: <ENVIRONMENT-ID>

Reviewer 3: Can we change `<ENVIRONMENT-ID>` to `<environment_id>`

>     rtf.mulesoft.com/org: <ORG-ID>

Reviewer 3: `<ORG-ID>` to `<org_id>`

= Installing Multiple Instances of Runtime Fabric on a Single Cluster

Installing multiple instances of Anypoint Runtime Fabric enables you to share the same cluster among multiple Runtime Fabrics, which helps you to use resources efficiently.

[NOTE]

> To use this feature, you must upgrade to the minimum version of the agent that supports multiple instances.

Reviewer 4: add the agent version, `2.2.0`

> To use this feature, you must upgrade to the minimum version of the agent that supports multiple instances.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To use this feature, you must upgrade to the minimum version of the Runtime Fabric agent that supports multiple instances.
```

> There will be 1:1 mapping for the agent namespace to the app namespace. Sharing app namespaces is not supported among multiple agent installations.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
There will be 1:1 mapping from the agent namespace to the app namespace. Sharing app namespaces is not supported among multiple agent installations.
```

Reviewer 5: Another clarification we should consider adding is, `application namespaces cannot be shared amongst multiple instances of Runtime Fabric on the same cluster.`

== Install Multiple Instances of Runtime Fabric

To install multiple instances of Anypoint Runtime Fabric on a single BYOK (Bring Your Own Kubernetes) cluster, follow these steps:

> . Create a Runtime Fabric instance using Runtime Manager.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. Create a Runtime Fabric using Runtime Manager.
```

> . Create a custom namespace to install the Runtime Fabric instance:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. Create a custom namespace to install the Fabric created in the previous step:
```

+ 
----

> kubectl create ns <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer 4: inconsistent again, we have different place holders in different places of docs

`<rtf-namepace>`
`<rtfNamespace>`
`<rtf_namespace>`

Let's pick one and stay consistent. My vote is for `<rtf-namespace>`. Same with app namespace, let's keep it consistent `<app-namespace>`

> kubectl create ns <rtf_namespace>

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
kubectl create ns <rtf_namespace>
Replace <rtf_namespace> with the name of namespace where Runtime Fabric will be installed.
```

Reviewer 5: cc @SparshAgarwal, we like how google cloud documents it for e.g. at https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/ingress

Reviewer 5: let's standardize on using `<rtf_namespace>` as the namespace placeholder

----
[start=3]
. Create a Docker pull secret to pull the Runtime Fabric component images for the previously created namespace: 
+
----

> kubectl create secret docker-registry <rtf_pull_secret> --namespace <rtf_namespace> --docker-server=<docker_registry_url> --docker-username=<docker_registry_username> --docker-password=<docker_ registry_password>

Reviewer 5: @hpanchal1221 @jiahongli18 is <rtf_pull_secret> consistent with what we display on the UI after the bug Amy filed?

Reviewer 3: We need to change `<rtf_pull_secret>` to  `<pull-secret-name>`.

----
[start=4]
. Add the Runtime Fabric helm repository: 
+
----
helm repo add <name> <helm_repo_url> --username <your_username> --password <your_password>
----
[start=5]

> . Optionally, configure the shared tenancy. Refer to <<configure-namespaces,Configure Authorized Namespaces>> for details. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Optionally, you may configure shared tenancy. Refer to <<configure-namespaces,Configure Authorized Namespaces>> for details. 
```

> . Download and configure the `values.yml` file from the Anypoint Platform UI.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. Download and configure the `values.yaml` file from the Anypoint Platform UI.
```

> . Set the <<required-parameters,required parameters>> for the `values.yml` file.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. Set the <<required-parameters,required parameters>> for the `values.yaml` file.
```

. Install Runtime Fabric on the cluster:
+
----
helm install runtime-fabric rtf/rtf-agent --version <VERSION_FROM_UI> -f values.yaml -n <rtf_namespace>
----

> == Values.yml File Required Parameters

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
== Values.yaml File Required Parameters
```

| `pullSecretName` | Registry pull secret | rtf-pull-secret
| `muleLicense` | Mule license for applications | Mule license key (must be Base64-encoded)
|===

[[required-parameters]]
== Values.yaml Optional Parameters
Set the following optional parameters as needed: 

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Key | Description | Example
| `authorizedNamespaces` | Enables shared tenancy | authorizedNamespaces=true
| `crds.install` | Enables installation of Crds and PriorityClass  | install=true
| `crds.keep` | Enables Kubernetes to retain Crds and Priority Class on uninstall | keep=true
| `roxy.http.proxy` +
`proxy.http.no_proxy`
` | Proxy and no_proxy values | - +http://<user>:<pass>@<10.0.0.1>:<8080>+ +
- <1.1.1.1:8888,2.2.2.2:9999>
|`proxy.monitoring.proxy` |Monitoring proxy values | socks5://<user>:<pass>@<10.0.0.2>:<8080>
|`global.containerLogPaths` | Filebeat read path | - /var/lib/docker/ +
 - /var/log/containers +
 - /var/log/pods
|===

[NOTE]
For the first agent being installed on the cluster, set the value for `crds.install` and `crds.keep` to `true`. +
Set `crds.install` to `false` for all the subsequent agent installations on the same cluster.

> == Values.yml Reference

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
== Values.yaml Reference
```

> The following is an example of the `values.yml` file:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The following is an example of the `values.yaml` file:
```

----
activationData: <activation data>
  proxy:
    http_proxy:
    http_no_proxy:
    monitoring_proxy:
custom_log4j_enabled: true
muleLicense: <mule license key>
global:
  crds:
    install: true

>     keep: true

Reviewer 3: Remove `keep: true`, we are not using it anymore.

  authorizedNamespaces: false
  image:
    rtfRegistry: rtf-runtime-registry.kprod.msap.io
    pullSecretName: rtf-pull-secret
  containerLogPaths:
  - /var/lib/docker/containers
  - /var/log/containers
  - /var/log/pods
----

== Deploy Mule Applications

> . To deploy Mule applications, create an `app-namespace` for each of installed agent: 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. To deploy Mule applications, create an `<app_namespace>` for each of installed agent: 
```

+
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:

>   name: <app-namespace>

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  name: <app_namespace>
```

  labels:
    rtf.mulesoft.com/agentNamespace: <rtf_namespace>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/envId: <ENVIRONMENT-ID>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/org: <ORG-ID>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/role: workers
----
[start=2]

> . Create the ingress in the new `rtf_namespace`: +

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. Create the ingress in the new `<rtf_namespace>`: +
```

----
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: rtf-ingress
  namespace: <rtf_namespace>
  annotations:
    nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/ssl-redirect: "false"
    nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /$2
spec:
  ingressClassName: rtf-nginx
  rules:
    - host: "testrtf.com"
      http:
        paths:
          - pathType: Prefix
            path: "/app-name(/|$)(.*)"
            backend:
              service:    
                name: service
                port:
                  name: service-port
----

> Use a different host name per `rtf_namespace`. If multiple ingresses define different paths for the same host, the ingress controller merges the definitions.  As a result, Mule applications with the same name are not accessible, which causes a k8s issue, not a Runtime Fabric issue.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Use a different host name per `<rtf_namespace>`. If multiple ingresses define different paths for the same host, the ingress controller merges the definitions.  As a result, Mule applications with the same name are not accessible, which causes a k8s issue, not a Runtime Fabric issue.
```

[[configure-namespaces]]
== (Optional) Configure Authorized Namespaces
You can optionally configure authorized namespaces, which enables you to deploy Runtime Fabric alongside other services in a Kubernetes cluster.

You must create the `authorized-namespaces` ConfigMap file before installing Runtime Fabric for the Runtime Fabric namespace. Additionally, you must name the `ConfigMap`, `authorized-namespaces`. The following example shows a `ConfigMap` file:
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: authorized-namespaces
  namespace: <rtf_namespace>
data:
  ADDITIONAL_NAMESPACE_1: "additional-namespace1"
  ADDITIONAL_NAMESPACE_2: "additional-namespace2"

> ----

Reviewer 5: @digvijaysk19 can you confirm if this is how support wanted additional namespace key-values to be configured? I believe there was a different suggestion made by them.
Can you please help update it here and also the original doc step 5. at https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-fabric/latest/install-helm#before-you-begin-2?

Reviewer 3: We should change the options to:
`APPLICATION_NAMESPACE_1: "<app_namespace_1>"
APPLICATION_NAMESPACE_2: "<app_namespace_1>`

The `rtf:resource-metrics-collector` ClusterRole has cluster-wide permissions to `get` and `list nodes`, pods, and namespaces and has `watch` permissions for nodes. The role ClusterRole is defined as follows:
The following example shows a ClusterRole role:
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: rtf:resource-metrics-collector
  labels:
    {{- include "labels.standard" . | nindent 4 }}
rules:
  - apiGroups: [""]
    resources: ["nodes", "pods", "namespaces"]
    verbs: ["list", "get"]
  - apiGroups: [""]
    resources: ["nodes"]
    verbs: ["watch"]
----
=== Configure Additional Namespaces

To configure an additional namespace for application deployments and then add the necessary labels to the namespace, follow these steps:

. Create a YAML file with the following contents:
+
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:

>   name: <app-namespace>

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  name: <app_namespace>
```

  labels:
    rtf.mulesoft.com/agentNamespace: <rtf_namespace>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/envId: <ENVIRONMENT-ID>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/org: <ORG-ID>
    rtf.mulesoft.com/role: workers
----
[start=2]
. Apply the previously created file:
+
----
kubectl apply -f <filename>.yaml
----
[start=3]
. Repeat Steps 1 and 2 to add as many namespaces as you need.
. Create the `RoleBinding` for the Runtime Fabric agent `ClusterRole` that includes the Runtime Fabric agent `ServiceAccount` by applying the following configuration in your additional namespace:

+
----
kind: RoleBinding
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:

>   name: <rb-name>

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  name: <rb_name>
```

>   namespace: <app-namespace>

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  namespace: <app_namespace>
```

= Installing Multiple Instances of Runtime Fabric on a Single Cluster

Installing multiple instances of Anypoint Runtime Fabric enables you to share the same cluster among multiple Runtime Fabrics, which helps you to use resources efficiently.

[NOTE]

> To use this feature, you must upgrade to the minimum version of 2.2.0 of the Runtime Fabric agent that supports multiple instances.

Reviewer 4: 2.2.1

> To use this feature, you must upgrade to the minimum version of 2.2.1 of the Runtime Fabric agent that supports multiple instances.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To use this feature, you must upgrade to the minimum version of 2.2.5 of the Runtime Fabric agent that supports multiple instances.
```

> To use this feature, you must upgrade to the minimum version of 2.2.0 of the Runtime Fabric agent that supports multiple instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this feature, you must upgrade to the minimum version of 2.2.1 of the Runtime Fabric agent that supports multiple instances.
```
